Prompt: A group of friends go on a camping trip, but they soon realize they are being stalked by a mysterious creature.

        It was supposed to be a fun weekend camping trip, just a group of friends getting away from the stresses of everyday life. 
        They had packed up their gear and set out for a remote campsite deep in the woods. 
        
        At first, everything seemed perfect. They spent the days hiking and exploring the forest, and the nights gathered around the 
        campfire, telling stories and roasting marshmallows. But on the second night, things took a dark turn. 
        
        As they were settling in for the night, they began to hear strange noises coming from the woods. At first, they tried to ignore it, chalking it up to the sounds of 
        nature. But as the noises grew louder and more frequent, they began to feel uneasy. 
        
        Then, they saw it. A creature unlike anything they had ever seen before. It was tall, with long, spindly limbs and glowing eyes that seemed to follow them 
        wherever they went. They tried to get a closer look, but every time they got too close, the creature would disappear into the shadows.
        
        They soon realized that they were being stalked by the creature. Every time they turned around, it was there, watching them. 
        They tried to leave the campsite, but the creature seemed to be everywhere, blocking their path and keeping them trapped in the woods.
        
        As the days wore on, the group began to lose hope. They were tired, hungry, and scared. But they refused to give up. They hatched 
        a plan to trap the creature, using all the resources they had at their disposal. It was risky, but it was their only hope. 
        
        With the trap set, they waited. It felt like hours, but finally, they heard the sound of the creature approaching. They held their 
        breath, waiting for it to fall into the trap. 
        
        But when the creature arrived, they realized that they had been wrong all along. The creature wasn't stalking them, it was trying to protect them. As they freed it from the trap, they saw the wounds on its 
        body, evidence of a recent battle with a predator that had been terrorizing the woods.
        
        In the end, the group returned home, forever changed by their experience. They had come face to face with a creature that was more than just a monster. It was a 
        living being, with emotions and a sense of loyalty. And although they had been scared out of their minds, they were grateful for the encounter, for it had taught them that not everything is as it seems.
